Churros (#594)
LukeSmithxyz/based.cooking: src/churros.md

# Churros

Spanish Doughnut
Please be warned, this recipe has high difficulty and involves deep frying. Please don face-mask and glasses/shades to protect your face from hot oil in the event of Churro explosion! These Churros are not worth your beauty and/or capacity for sight. Thank-you

## Ingredients

- Butter 50g
- Vanilla-extract 1/2 tsp
- Flour 250g ( it should be from an unopened fresh bag so liquid absorption is well permitted )

> - Bicarbonate-of-soda 1 tsp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Baking Soda 1 tsp
```

Weird, never heard it called `Bicarbonate-of-soda` before

- Sunflower oil 1 litre!
- Bread chunks ( for testing oil heat )

For the Sauce:
- Dark chocolate, broken into chunks 200g
- Double Cream 100ml
- Milk 100ml
- Golden Syrup 3 tbsp
- Vanilla Extract 1/2 tsp

For the Cinnamon-sugar:
- Caster sugar 100g
- Cinnamon 2 tsp

## Directions

1. Melt the butter.
2. Boil kettle (use stove if kettless), measure 300ml of the boiling water into a jug.
3. Add butter to jug, along with Vanilla-extract.

> 4. Sift flour and bicarbonate-of-soda into a large bowl with a pinch of Salt. Make a well in the centre, then pour the contents of the jug into it and very swiftly beat the flour until there are no lumps. Let rest for 10-15 min while you make the sauce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Sift flour and baking soda into a large bowl with a pinch of Salt. Make a well in the centre, then pour the contents of the jug into it and very swiftly beat the flour until there are no lumps. Let rest for 10-15 min while you make the sauce.
```

> 5. Put all the sauce ingredients into a pan gently melt together, stirring, until you have a mooth shiny sauce, keep warm on low heat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Put all the sauce ingredients into a pan gently melt together, stirring, until you have a smooth shiny sauce, keep warm on low heat.
```

# Churros

Spanish Doughnut

> Please be warned, this recipe has high difficulty and involves deep frying. Please don face-mask and glasses/shades to protect your face from hot oil in the event of Churro explosion! These Churros are not worth your beauty and/or capacity for sight. Thank-you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be warned, this recipe has high difficulty and involves deep frying. Please wear face protection, it is possible for churros to explode. These Churros are not worth your beauty and/or capacity for sight. Thank-you
```

>  Churros

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 # Churros
```
